Hey, good morning family, thank you for
joining us again today. Well, it's
Diana
and I again and we're excited to be here.
We have some things on our heart. You
know, we're getting a lot of these
letters in the mail and there are so many
of you all with so many different needs. I
am
trying to figure
out how to pray for every single
one of these, you know, without
calling you out on camera and
saying, 'Hey, we're praying for
such-and-such,'because
the video would go on for hours.
So I'm going to do blanket prayers
for you. What I thought
was interesting was, Diana, we've been
reading the letters and there's a lot of
you that are overcoming vaccination
injuries. A lot of you are telling
us, 'Well, we got the COVID shot shot, we got this
shot,'and
it's reacted this way
with our body. One man's skin was coming
completely off his hands and it was from
the vaccination injury.
It's absolutely amazing; I
had no idea this was a thing until I
started getting all these letters in the
mail and people telling us, 'Hey Brandon,
will you pray for this? Will you pray
for that?'And a lot of them are all
related to vaccinations.
It's
very
interesting for what I know
is
coming and for what I know that they're
going to push on people in the days
ahead and just the agenda. You
know, I told you I warned you all about
BlackRock
and I told you what I was
seeing in the spirit. Now, I'm not an
economist, I don't know much about
stocks, I don't know much about the world
economy; all I know is what the Holy
Spirit shows me in prayer and I just
tell you all what I see. Now, in the
natural it may not make sense, but I know
that the natural man perceiveth not the
things of the Lord. Whenever
He's warning me about these
elitists—or
what I want to call them, these
globalists,
these evil people: Klaus
Schwab,
George Soros, and the head
of BlackRock—I told you Satan
himself was in meetings with these
people. He is over the finances. Do
you understand? The devil is over all the
finances. That's why he tells
the Hollywood elitists, 'If you sell
your soul to me, if you yield
yourself over to me—with the singers,
with the Hollywood people—I'll promote
you and make you very
wealthy.'That's
because this is his
wheelhouse.
That's what the Lord showed me. This is
his wheelhouse. A lot of people don't
understand that. They're like, 'Well, why do
you need to pray in the first
place?'Because
the Bible tells us to pray.
Whatsoever things we bind on Earth are
bound in heaven, whatsoever things are
loosed on Earth are loosed in heaven.
Jesus told us to pray, 'Our Father who art
in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy
kingdom come, thy will be done.'He told us
that's the way we're supposed to pray. So
we intercede on behalf of the world.
We're interceding; that's what this
channel's all about, Diana and I. This is why
the Lord put it on our heart to pray for
these vaccination injuries. That's why He
told us to pray for the
wayward children.
There's a lot of you
that—when,
like I said, we drove through
Florida, Alabama,
we drove
through those areas—we felt the
spiritual void in a lot of those areas.
We realized that all these people
around here are not getting what they
need spiritually like we're getting in
Oklahoma. And it made me
feel—I
was like, 'Wow, I felt sorry for
y'all.'I
just
felt bad for them, you know, because I
thought, 'Man, there needs to be a lifeline
for you.'And I told Diana, I said,
'Let's be that lifeline. Let's be the two
that can agree with you for your
needs.'Because
if you're not getting it in your
area—because
I felt
such a spiritual void in a lot of those
places—I
know that you're waking up
every day and you don't have a
church to go to that's radically on fire.
You don't have that place to plug into.
So we want to be that place for you all,
that when you come to this channel
you're getting that lifeline, you're
getting stirred up, you're getting hope,
you're getting that
inspiration to say, 'I can go on in
life, I can do this, I can live by faith, I
can call those things that be not as
though they were.'We can change our
circumstances with the power of our
words. We are made in the image
of God, we're joint-heirs with Jesus Christ,
and there's somebody in Oklahoma that is
agreeing with us today. No matter
how dark—if we're living in Miami,
if we're living in Fort Lauderdale,
if we're living in New York
City—that
there's somebody out there that is
agreeing with us for our circumstances.
Diana
and I are those, and
Braden—we're
all agreeing
for your miracle. We're agreeing with you
today that you have an expiration date
for your circumstance.
No matter how dark, no matter how
bad it may look, you may say, 'I'm all alone.'There
are
so many people who say, 'I'm all
alone, I don't have anybody to help pray
for me.'No, we're
there and we're agreeing with you. We're
your family, and where two or more
are gathered together in His name, He's
there in the midst. We believe whatsoever
things we bind on Earth are bound in
heaven, and we're
releasing things, we're believing with
you and we're standing with you for your
miracle today. Diana
and I
truly do
care.
We truly care that you
have a vaccination injury. We truly care
that your child was diagnosed with
autism. We know what it's like to have
those dark days when you get that
doctor's report and they look across
that table
and say, 'There's no hope for your
circumstance. This is going to be like
that for the rest of your life. I'm sorry,
sir, but your daughter's never going to
talk. If she hasn't started talking by
now, she's never going to talk. I'm sorry,
sir, your daughter's never going to come
out of a five-year-old level of
thinking.'You
look at him and go, 'But God,
sir, who is rich in mercy.'Do you
understand that all things are possible
to him who
believes?
I truly believe that.
If the word of God says it,
I believe it and that settles it. I'm not
moved by what I see
or
feel; I'm moved by what the
word of God says. And I'm telling you all
what the Spirit of the Lord has told me
about BlackRock. I told you about these
major banking
cartels that are
in with evil
people concerning sex trafficking,
drugs, and money
laundering. There are some dark things. Now,
I'm not saying BlackRock is involved in
all that, but I'm saying in my heart I
know that there are big businessmen,
like George Soros and these evil
people, that are funding and doing
dark things with the devil to feed these
principalities and powers with this
darkness. They require a blood sacrifice;
they require payment. Nothing is free
with the satanic.
Everything Jesus gave us is by grace. We
are saved through faith and He gave it
to us
freely. All we have to do is believe
by faith that we receive it.
As the
Word says,
He said, 'I became sick that
you might be
healed.'He
was wounded for our
transgressions, He was bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our peace
was upon Him, and with His stripes we are
healed. It's already done. Then He said, 'I
became poor that you might be
rich.'So
if you look at that, even
with mental torment—one man said, 'Hey,
Brandon,
I'm overcoming PTSD from war.'There
are
so
many, and we're
believing for every single one of you
that today is your day for your miracle.
But my heart and what's going on
inside of me right now—I have alarm
bells for Israel
and
our brothers and sisters in Syria right
now that are being
brutally murdered, martyred for the
cause of Christ.
They're killing them; they're
doing it all over Africa. We are
in the end of the end. Do you understand?
Jesus Christ is coming. People say,
'Well, that's not happening in
America.'Thank
God right now, but it will. I
believe the Lord
told me a great persecution is
coming. We have a window right now, folks.
The Lord told me we have a four-year window.
What will you do with that four-year
window
to bring in the
lost? He said, 'The harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few.'Who will help me
bring in
this great
harvest? Will you get an urgency inside
of you?
'Oh my God, I
have to do something right
now,'instead
of, 'Well, it's not really on my
doorstep.'You
understand that
we
have a window right now before there's
a
great shaking to
awaken? And He told me a lot of you will
go back into your slumber and your sleep
as Trump tries to do all that he's
doing—he's
running as fast as he can to make
America great
again—but
the Lord told me he can't do
this
alone. And that's
why we're called to do what we're called
to
do. I believe the best is yet to come for
the body of Christ, the remnant
that are awake
and
saying,
'Yes, Lord, here am I, send me.'He told me
great days of fun. Now, what's fun to the
Lord? Bringing in the lost,
seeing the blinded eyes open, seeing ears
pop open, the lame walking.
You go
into a service and everyone that's sick
is healed, not one feeble one among
them, like what was with the
children of Israel when
they
left Egypt. They left all healed,
with the gold,
silver, and spoils of
Egypt.
None of them were
sick. The manna came and fed them;
there was a cloud by
day and a fire by night. Look at what God
did to show up and show off for the
children of Israel, and He wants to do
the same for you today. He is no
respecter
of persons.
You have to believe by
faith that you receive it.
If He takes care of the
birds of the air
and
the lily of the field, how much more
will he take care of you?
So let's agree right now for
your miracle
and
manifestation.
Everybody has a need,
even with little dogs—believing God for
the
supernatural for their little
dogs because they are animals He loves.
If
He cares
about every little detail in your life,
I believe He even cares about little
dogs.
Coco and Max, they're believing
God for miracles for their little dogs.
So guess what? God cares about the
little dog, the
eyes, the PTSD
problems, the family,
and all that's going
on. Now, some of them,
we're not here to manipulate
to get you to have your old girlfriend
back.
She left you and you
were mean to her.
I'm not here to pray and manipulate; that's
witchcraft.
We'll pray for your
miracle, healings,
deliverances, and unsaved loved ones,
but we're not
here to manipulate people.
That's demonic.
I'm
not here to slap you in the head, but I
want to teach you.
We
agree by faith that your
circumstances are changing,
that
their heart
will be softened to
communicate in a godly
way, and that their eyes will
be open to
see without any
demonic influence. We pray what lines up
with the word of God.
We're going to pray for your
circumstances and believe
that the fire of God is resting on
your homes, that you will have a
visitation like a Damascus
experience today. Sorry I had to finish
my video in my car; I moved because
people were being rude.
People are curious and
want to talk, and it is what
it is. Hopefully they got ministered to.
So we pray for every one of these
pictures; I have a whole bunch of them
and we're just interceding for them.
We're in a very serious time.
We need to be praying for Israel,
Iran, and
Syria. I've seen a line,
and the Lord told me it's
rice-paper
thin for what's about to take
place—a
great acceleration of war or
a season of peace.
It's in the balance right now.
A major something is about to take
place.
I've been in meetings and praying;
the Lord will allow
me to hear what's going on, and
I'm not going to expose what
I'm hearing. We pray for America,
wisdom for Israel, and
how they handle
this.
Father, we
thank You for everyone
represented here. We bind the
devil off of this nation. We
thank You, Lord, that there is
a Holy Ghost outcry
and
fire on the inside of every single one
of us. We're
stirred up right now in the name of
Jesus. People are excited; there's an
anticipation. They
know that the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ is drawing nigh. We lift up a
standard against the devil.
When the
enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit
of the Lord raises a standard against
him. We believe the Lord is raising
that standard right now against
demonic principalities over this nation,
that there
will be a
great move of all denominations, all
beliefs, all tribes, all tongues.
The
Baptists,
Methodists,
Catholics, Church of
Christ—all
of us. We will join together as a
beating army,
proclaiming that the Lord Jesus Christ is
coming. Just like it was with 9/11, there
was an urgency for a season; there will
be an urgency again. I have seen a great
shaking to awaken coming, and it will
be bigger than what 9/11 ever thought
about being. And in this shaking to
awaken, we will have a major harvest of
souls.
I
told
the
Lord
I need
a fresh fire on my life to take it
to the
nations. I
want a fresh touch
of the healing power of God.
We're believing as a family for a
fresh Holy Ghost and
fire.
We need a great big Holy Ghost and fire,
not this little bitty
fire.
We want
to pray 'church
unusual'that
changes
us from the
inside out. You link up and pray
for your pastors
and
evangelists.
I'm not
depending upon our pastors to feed us
spiritually; you go out and
get your own.
How hungry
and
thirsty are you for change
in your life?
I
refuse to stay spiritually the way I am
today.
Tomorrow, I'm going to go from glory to
glory. When I get
to
2026, I'm going to look
back and say I am different than what I
was
in
2025. The Holy
Spirit
is changing me from the inside out. I don't want to be that same Brandon that
I was tomorrow. There is a fresh touch of
the Holy Spirit.
If the angels go
around the throne singing 'holy, holy,
holy'because
they're
getting something new from Him every
time,
how much more for us?
We've not even scratched a little bit
of
who He is.
He is
endless. The Lord
allowed me to see inside of
Him; I saw and He was
endless.
He
allowed me
to see
inside, Brandon,
and He's
endless.
Our God is a
big
God. He created the angelic host
and
the
devil, but they fell in pride.
Jesus Christ whipped
his heiny and took it all back,
giving
us power and authority over
him. He is a defeated
foe.
The
sound of a mighty rushing wind and the
cloven
tongues of fire—that experience
still
happens
today.
Jesus Christ
is
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
How big is your 'want
to'for
the things of the Holy Ghost?
It's time to get radical for
Jesus
today.
As
for me and my house, we're
serving the Lord.
People
are
attracted to the glory,
even the ones in the park that are rude.
It's time for you to rise and shine, for
the light has come. We
thank You,
Lord, for
the outpouring
of the Holy
Ghost—that
it's not just some
little bitty fire,
but
a
raging
inferno inside of
me.
I always
deflect the glory and say it's
all about Him.
Just
one second with the
Holy Ghost will change your life
forever. From the young man
that calls devils into
the house to try to
prove there's no devil—one
minute with
Him
and
your life will
have forever changed.
We
believe
they'll have an experience
with the supernatural and
an
awakening inside of him.
Shaking
off the blind beggar's cloak, like
blind Bartimaeus, son of
Timaeus—he
rose up.
You've
got to take off the victim
mentality and say, 'I'm not a victim
anymore, I'm a
victor.'I'm
no longer
broke, busted, and disgusted.
I'm
a joint-heir of Jesus Christ.
I'm fully persuaded that
what God has promised, He is able also to
perform.
We
thank You, Lord, for the Holy Ghost and
fire.
The
Lord said to take authority over the wind.
There's a massive cyclone thing—manipulation
of
the
weather—that
they say
hurricane-force
winds are supposed to hit Texas,
Oklahoma, and Kansas.
We take
authority over that cyclone
bomb and
we say you will fall apart. You will
not cause major
fire outbreaks or burn up our land
in the name
of Jesus.
We
speak
to
the storm
and
say, 'Peace, be
still.'We
will not have major fires
or
power outages;
we have authority over the
weather. We thank You,
Lord, that Elon Musk is
saved. We call Elon Musk born again
and
on fire for Jesus. We
thank You, Lord, that he keeps uncovering
all the darkness that has been in
the cabinet and he's turning on
the light,
exposing what our government has been
doing.
We thank You, Lord, that it will
not affect his finances.
Trump's radically born
again; he
will serve this nation with a
Solomon-type
anointing.
Chuck Schumer's going
to retire, and so is Nancy Pelosi, and so
is
Pocahontas. They're
going to be
removed, and You're going to raise up
new men and women.
There's an
exposing of darkness even in Canada,
South Korea,
and
Australia.
The
devil's releasing our finances.
Well, if this video blessed
you—I
know it was
distracting—subscribe
and
click the notification bell.
We appreciate every single
one of you.
We're
believing for your miracle.
praying
that God will
anoint us to
reach the
world for
the
saving knowledge
of the
Lord Jesus
Christ.
I don't want to just
be an
echo; I want to be a voice and
touch the nations for
Jesus.
God bless you all, and we'll
see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.